Use OpenShift generated trust bundle by default (#129)
openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator: docs/proxy.md

    ```

2. Consume the created configmap in AWS Load Balancer Operator's deployment by updating its subscription:

    ```bash
    oc -n aws-load-balancer-operator patch subscription aws-load-balancer-operator --type='merge' -p '{"spec":{"config":{"env":[{"name":"TRUSTED_CA_CONFIGMAP_NAME","value":"trusted-ca"}],"volumes":[{"name":"trusted-ca","configMap":{"name":"trusted-ca"}}],"volumeMounts":[{"name":"trusted-ca","mountPath":"/etc/pki/tls/certs/albo-tls-ca-bundle.crt","subPath":"ca-bundle.crt"}]}}}'
    ```

3. Wait for the operator deployment to finish the rollout and verify that CA bundle is added:

    ```bash
    oc -n aws-load-balancer-operator exec deploy/aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager -c manager -- bash -c "ls -l /etc/pki/tls/certs/albo-tls-ca-bundle.crt; printenv TRUSTED_CA_CONFIGMAP_NAME"

    -rw-r--r--. 1 root 1000690000 5875 Jan 11 12:25 /etc/pki/tls/certs/albo-tls-ca-bundle.crt
    trusted-ca
    ```

4. _Optional_: make sure the operator is restarted every time the configmap contents change:

    ```bash
    oc -n aws-load-balancer-operator rollout restart deployment/aws-load-balancer-operator-controller-manager

>     ```

Reviewer: This part still needs to be mentioned because the operator doesn't watch for the volume mount's contents changes.

Author: Updated with this note. Lmk if it looks good.

> AWS Load Balancer Operator will make use of the OpenShift cluster global trust bundle. Should you need to trust a
> custom Certificate Authority (CA), follow the OpenShift documentation to add an global trusted CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS Load Balancer Operator will make use of the OpenShift cluster-wide trusted CA bundle. Should you need to trust a custom Certificate Authority (CA), follow [the OpenShift documentation to configure a custom PKI](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/networking/configuring-a-custom-pki.html).
```
